project_proposal.md, before:

# Street Team Placement Proposal for WTWY International

## Question/Need

Where to position street teams to maximize gala attendance and contributions to WTWY international. Aiming to identify high traffic MTA turnstiles in New York City, ideally where future supporters of WTWY International will pass through.

## Data Description

The primary data set that will be examined in this analysis is MTA turnstile data in NYC which is freely available. Emphasis will be placed on data in the first half of the year since the gala will be held at the beginning of summer. Additional demographic data may be analyzed to further focus promotional efforts into areas where higher conversion rates are expected.

An individual sample from the MTA turnstile data will be the number of entries and exits from a specific turnstile on a given date, aggregated every four hours.

## Tools

Tools which will be used to gather data will be SQLite along with the DB Browser. Python will be used to organize and clean the data. Matplotlib and seaborn will be used to create visualizations.

## MVP Goal

MVP would look like...

Commit message:

updated project proposal to include more details.

project_proposal.md, after:

# Street Team Placement Proposal for WTWY International

## Question/Need

Where to position street teams to maximize gala attendance and contributions to WTWY international. Aiming to identify high traffic MTA turnstiles in New York City, ideally where future supporters of WTWY International will pass through.

## Data Description

The primary data set that will be examined in this analysis is MTA turnstile data in NYC which is freely available. Emphasis will be placed on data in the first half of the year since the gala will be held at the beginning of summer. Additional demographic data may be analyzed to further focus promotional efforts into areas where higher conversion rates are expected.

An individual sample from the MTA turnstile data will be the number of entries and exits from a specific turnstile on a given date, aggregated every four hours.

## Tools

A variety of tools including an assortment of Python libraries will be used to complete the analysis required for this project.

-Data Gathering:
    -SQLite with DB Browser
    -SQLAlchemy to query imported data
-Data Cleaning:
    -Pandas
-Exploratory Data Analysis:
    -DB Browser
    -Pandas
-Data Visualization:
    -Matplotlib
    -Seaborn

## MVP Goal

The minimum viable product for this project would be determining which turnstiles have the highest traffic as a starting point for where WTWY should place street teams.
